.TH siteconfig 1 "November 2004" "siteconfig (wzdftpd)" "wzdftpd tools"
.\" Process with
.\" groff -man -Tascii siteconfig.1 
.\"
.SH NAME
siteconfig \- online configuration of FTP server (wzdftpd)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B siteconfig [OPTION] [-m ACTION]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BI siteconfig
command can be used to show or change wzdftpd's parameters online.

If no action is specified, it reads it from the standard input.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.B \-h
Display a short usage description, including all available options.
.TP
.BI \-\-user,\-u " XXX"
Use username \fIXXX\fP instead of wzdftpd. 
.TP
.BI \-\-pass,\-w " XXX"
Use password \fIXXX\fP with the username.
.TP
.BI \-\-host,\-h " XXX"
Connect to the specified host.
.TP
.BI \-\-port,\-p " XXX"
Employ the specified port number for connecting to the server.
.TP
.BI \-\-secure,\-s
Enforce a secure connection, aborts if negotiation fails.
.TP
.BI \-\-insecure,\-t
Do not try to negotiate a secure connection.
.TP

.BI \-m " XXX"
Use action \fIXXX\fP instead of reading it from standard input.
.SH ACTION
.TP
.B site vars get [all/variable/help]
Display value of variable if the name is given, or all available variables
if parameter is all.
A contextual help is displayed if the parameter is help.
.TP
.B site vars set variable value
Change parameter to the new value.
A contextual help is displayed if the parameter is help (in this case the
second parameter is ignored).
.TP
.PD
.BR
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
wzdftpd is written and maintained by Pierre Chifflier <chifflier@cpe.fr>,
and some others contributors, full credits can be found in
.BR /usr/share/doc/wzdftpd/AUTHORS
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wzdftpd(8), ftp(1), siteuptime(1), sitewho(1)
.PP
Full documentation on wzdftpd, including configuration and FAQs, is available at
.BR http://www.wzdftpd.net
.PP 
For help/support, try the wzdftpd mailing lists, detailed on
.BR http://sourceforge.net/mail/?group_id=78247
.PP
Report bugs at
.BR http://www.wzdftpd.net/smf/index.php
