.TH "WZD-CONFIG" "1" "2003-11-02" "Application" "wzdftpd Client Applications"
.SH NAME
wzd-config \- retrieve information about the installed version of wzdftpd

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
\fBwzd-config\fR \fR{\fR \fB--prefix\fR\fR | \fR\fB--exec-prefix\fR\fR | \fR\fB--data-dir\fR\fR | \fR\fB--libs\fR\fR | \fR\fB--cflags\fR\fR | \fR\fB--version\fR\fR }\fR\fR...\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The \fBwzd-config\fR utility prints configuration parameters
of the currently installed version of wzdftpd. It is
intended, for example, to be used by software packages that want to interface
to wzdftpd to facilitate finding the required header files
and libraries.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
To use \fBwzd-config\fR, supply one or more of the following options:
.TP
\fB--prefix\fR
Print the installation prefix, as specified in configure script.
.TP
\fB--exec-prefix\fR
Print the installation prefix for executables, usually the same as prefix.
This is where you will find server ($eprefix/sbin) or tools ($eprefix/bin).
.TP
\fB--data-dir\fR
Print installation dir for data, modules and backends.
.TP
\fB--libs\fR
Print the location of object code libraries (use to develop new extensions).
.TP
\fB--cflags\fR
Print the location of include headers (use to develop new extensions).
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print the version of wzdftpd and exit.
.PP
If more than one option (except for \fB--version\fR) is given, the
information is printed in that order, one item per line.
.SH "NOTES"
.PP
In releases prior to wzdftpd 0.4, before the
\fBwzd-config\fR came to be, a method for finding the
equivalent configuration information did not exist.
.SH "HISTORY"
.PP
The \fBwzd-config\fR utility first appeared in
wzdftpd 0.4.
